[Music]
lady diana she was the princess who had
the whole world enamored intrigued and
sometimes a bit confused like that day
the paparazzi took pictures of her
wearing two watches and the only thing
the public could think of was why it
went like this
1981 Prince Charles and 20 year old
Diana are engaged the soon-to-be bride
often went to various events with her
future groom one of those was a polo
tournament at Windsor that Charles was
taking part in Diana was on the
sidelines rooting enthusiastically for
her fiance that's when cameras quite an
interesting detail lady Spencer had two
watches on one wrist a dainty one with a
thin gold strap and a bigger watch with
a leather strap the Assumption soon
followed one Diana decided to introduce
a new trend hey wouldn't be the only
time - maybe she needed to keep up with
events in a different time zone what
three the future princess just got
something wrong why all the theories
turned out to be false and the real
reason was quite sweet she put on
Charles watch along with her own to
support her other half and wish him good
luck in the tournament
actually Charles and Diana first met at
a similar competitive circumstance only
he'd been invited to the Spencer
family's home for a hunt the two
families had always been close Diana's
grandmother had been a lady-in-waiting
to the Queen Mother
Charles his grandmother through
Elizabeth the second as Diana famously
put it the two sort of met in a plowed
field and here she was four years later
standing near a polo field supporting
her now fiance what's even cooler the
double watch gesture has roots in
medieval tradition back then so many
centuries ago
ladies tied their handkerchief to a
knight's helmet or spear to wish him
luck before a duel the handkerchief
reminded the knight of what he was
fighting for in the tournament
to win for his beloved the handkerchief
was considered a symbol of love lady die
love traditions but she was also a fan
of doing things her own way especially
when it involved items that she held
close to her heart another example was
on the couple's wedding day young lady
Spencer had to wear something borrowed
according to the popular tradition
however Diana refused to wear the lovers
knot tiara
offered by the Queen instead she chose
her family tiara from the Earl's of
Spencer it might have broken royal
family protocol but it was important for
Diana to follow her own family's
traditions to this tiara had been worn
by Spencer family women before her for
generations lady diet returned to this
decoration more than once she wore it at
official events often favoring it over
the Royal tiara
the Spencer tiara hasn't been worn by
anyone since you think a princess would
have a whole collection of tiaras
but Diana only ever wore these too in
her life both go way back the Spencer
tiara being commissioned in 1919 and the
royal families in 1913 by Queen Mary but
Diana did get creative with her jewelry
like when she wore her Saudi sapphire
choker as a tiara she liked to bend the
rules and start new trends in other ways
too for example women in the royal
family are required to wear tights Diana
did it her own way she wore different
colored ones to match her outfits which
was a bit shocking for the Monarchs
she also refused to wear gloves even
though she was supposed to as a royal
lady now Diana's reason she wanted to
shake hands with people and feel their
touch she was the people's princess
after all the Queen of Hearts could wear
the same thing constantly for years
another item she cherished closely was
the necklace Charles gave her on the day
their first son William was born in 1982
the necklace was made of gold and
engraved with the name of the future
heir to the throne no less significant
for Diana was her engagement ring which
also caused some stir
the royal family it was a sapphire and
diamond ring fit for a future princess
sure the problem Charles let her pick
the ring herself from a catalog and she
didn't even have it customized just
ordered it as is apparently this was the
commoners way but Diana loved her ring
and that's what matters
years later each of her son's was given
something of hers to remember her by
Prince Harry got her engagement ring
William her gold Cartier watch but Harry
gave the ring to his brother
when William decided to propose to his
future wife Catherine Duchess of
Cambridge the Duchess still wears the
ring to this day but let's go back to
that happy day in 1981 when young Diana
had no idea what lay ahead in their
future when two watches on one wrist
were a lucky charm for her and her
future husband was her whole world
the young noble wanted her marriage to
Charles to be successful and on her
wedding day a few months later she hoped
to inspire a little more luck by sewing
a Golden Horseshoe into her dress the
marriage might not have lasted but the
wedding remains the most-watched in
history it was dubbed the wedding of the
century and 750 million people tuned in
to see it and that's gotta count for
something hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life
[Music]